Our project is analyzing the correlation between
baseball team spending on salary
and team success.
Our three visualizations show
an individual team's percent wins
over the 1988 to 2018 seasons,
an individual team's spending on salary
and the postseason bracket for each season.
Showing team spending on salary
on a color gradient scale.
The first two visualizations are meant to answer the question:
"Does spending more money on team salary correlate to
better team performance?"
The dropdown menu allows you to select the team you would like to look at.
You can brush on one graph,
and it will highlight the corresponding points on the other graph.
Brushing over the points will also initialize
a tooltip to appear on both graphs,
displaying the brushed values.
Both graphs have brushing and linking capabilities.
To gain a better understanding of where team spending lies
in relation to other teams' spending,
an average salary line can be toggled on and off.
The third visualization is a bracket that represents
the elimination tournament held after the conclusion
of the Major League Baseball regular season,
also known as the Postseason.
The World Series is the championship tournament at the end of the Postseason.
The winner of the World Series is indicated
by the yellow border surrounding the team.
The colors inside the circles on the bracket represent
how much the team has spent that year.
The scale at the bottom shows
the color gradient in relation to the scale of team spending.
The dropdown menu allows you to select
the Postseason year from 2012 to 2018.
The tooltip shows the team name,
and their exact spending for that year.